# disunaurio_nft

This is the documentation for project disunaurio_nft.

Python project for auto-generative art creation, inspired by hashlips. Project developed in python

## Sections

The documentation is divided into different specialized sections throughout the product life cycle.

### Changelog

This is a record of all notable changes made to a project maintained by the developers.
Read carefully all features and bug fixes along different software versions.

### Reference

Reference guides are technical descriptions of the machinery and how to operate it.
Reference guides have one job only: to describe.
They are code-determined,
because ultimately that’s what they describe:

- Key classes
- Functions
- APIs
- Functions
- Fields
- Attributes
- Methods.

This section is autogenerated from source comments. So avoid edit it manually.

### Design

Software architecture design uses programming knowledge
to plan the high-level design of software so that detail can be added later,
allowing software teams to sketch out the big picture and begin preparing a prototype.

Tipically we desing software using Gitlab Issues to coordinate the team.
Some decisions or specifications have a special treatment and are stored in this section.
Everything outside of the scope of Gitlab

In this section you may find:

- Architectural decision records (ADR).
- Software Requirements Specification (SRSs)
- Business constraints.

### Development

This section should contain all the necessary guidelines related to code development.
Essentially everything related to testing, linting, code styling,
configuration, distribution, virtualization, etc.

The common steps to have documented are:

- how to execute the code
- how create distributables (if needed)
- how virtualize the product in a docker image.

In short, this section contain everything necessary to be able to reuse all the code on another computer.
It also contains precise instructions for the whole development environment, additional tools, dependencies, etc.

### Operation

This section should contain all the necessary knowledge
so that the operator can configure the docker container properly
and run the service in production.

For the configuration, environment variables or configuration files are usually used.
They must meet basic guidelines to work intuitively and correctly in production.

The lower the impact of the changes, and the better they are tested, the better.

### Monitoring

This section should contain all the basic information regarding the product's logs
in order to be able to analyze the product's performance in production.
Specific tools are usually developed for log parsing and analysis.
It is also necessary to keep reports or evidence of each release.

### Maintenance

In this section you will find the basic guidelines to maintain the product.
The work of the team does not end when a release is delivered.
Normally it is necessary to maintain the software, either solving bugs,
or making updates of dependencies for security.

This section does not consider enhancements or new features.

### Slides

This section contains several presentations in marp to communicate the different types of projects we have and to prepare the workshops.
Feel free to browse the presentations.
